[media pointer="file-service://file-PxCafyN3hzahZWX4ha4K1D"]
[media pointer="file-service://file-S1epZGAfqwBWog4zfMuwpt"]
[media pointer="file-service://file-UydWiKGLGUfCMFBEXGbs5Y"]
[media pointer="file-service://file-YacEZ5sYNS9qTiHLatNYeQ"]
[media pointer="file-service://file-VztYbLcy3M2ioVQs8P7PHD"]
[media pointer="file-service://file-LfAuG83vNPwXF6MfTdnePX"]
[media pointer="file-service://file-6M1eg4zAAFDiN5gQzYnEX1"]
[media pointer="file-service://file-CvwwunqMy9aaHNh5zqFZ9g"]
[media pointer="file-service://file-Vt18AxUJM28GSns3uXRkAm"]
[media pointer="file-service://file-N8tc3zseSSp9jgxALXQMFR"]
the comprehensive, exhaustive, detailed prompt i need you to create will need to be more tecnical in nature because it is not for the replit agent it is for the assistant so draft this prompt so that the assistant on replit can execute it seemlessly. If you need to scour the internet for best practices working with the replit assistent or claude ai since replilt uses claude. I want you to make sure the assistant is executing, adding ways to test its work, testing its work, fixing bugs, avoid using mock data unless its for testing. my notes will go page by page on the application. if you have any questions or need clarification please ask before assuming i want to make sure this prompt is effective at requesting delivery of multiple complex tasks. make sure that you also give me instructions on how to deliver these prompts to the assistant to get the best results. i will format my notes as 
Page - Section on page - image name that gives a visual of the exact page and section with a red box around it. in "()) Notes, fixes, suggestions or changes
and example would be. "Case Notes page - case notes creation form generate button - (as seen in Screenshot 2025-08-01 at 4.53.58 AM) generate button should analyze process text inputted into the content box by the user in the describe interaction or key points: box. also change the name to the describe interaction or key points box to Life House AI Suggestions. once the new case notes are generated an 'Apply' button shoulld appear on the same row as the generate and cancel buttons. it should be the same color green as our brand colors. when the apply button is clicked the user input in the content box should be modified to match the ai generated suggestion. if the user presses generate again it will offer a new suggestion. if the user presses cancel the ai will just leave the content in the content box as is. " if you have questions about any of the front end or back end schema, how things should connect and operate at full functionality please ask me and i will be more specific. I will attach the same screenshots to the prompt in replit. 

Case Notes page - Case note creation form (as seen in Screenshot 2025-08-01 at 4.53.58 AM)
- Type Field - should also be mapped with an program (case managers can select from one of our 6 Programs, a group session or a 1-1 with the case manager in attendance attendance because we want the case notes to attaced to both attendance and the resident. 

Case Notes page - case notes creation form generate button - generate button should analyze process text inputted into the content box by the user in the describe interaction or key points: box. also change the name to the describe interaction or key points box to Life House AI Suggestions. once the new case notes are generated an 'Apply' button should appear on the same row as the generate and cancel buttons. it should be the same color green as our brand colors. when the apply button is clicked the user input in the content box should be modified to match the ai generated suggestion. if the user presses generate again it will offer a new suggestion. if the user presses cancel the ai will just leave the content in the content box as is.

When I describe ‘resident’ I am talking about a user that is logged in with a resident authenticated profile. For case workers they are logged in as a case worker. For admins they are logged in as an admin. the residents have has 3 page types. The resident page with the residents view, the case workers page with the case workers view and functionality and the admin page with the admins functionality. Some fields will have view only access for case managers, all fields on the admin account has view and edit functionality. Whenever interacting replit make sure that you articulate clearly that although I may just be talking about the ‘case notes’ page or ‘resources’ page I am talking about 3 different levels of authentication, three different page types, and three different access levels and the front end and back end need to accommodate for that so that everyone only sees what they are supposed to see. If they don’t have a case worker account it doesn’t matter if they select the case worker or admin option on the radio login pick list they will not gain entry and be told to sign in as a resident, same if a case worker tries to login as an admin they won’t gain access they will be told to log in as a case worker. And an admin will be told to login as an admin. This is so all of the authentication is clear and clean. set up the prompt so all I have to do is have the replit agent and assistant models respond to the word “check” - and then whatever page or function and it will check it test it every field feature mapping and function and fill in any gaps that it missed so that everything is functional it should be making the vision come to life every command without foolish errors   every field is organized and selectable in a multiselect pick list that is catagorized by page to print reports. Certain report types are pre configured for specific audits, agencies, finance, quarterlies and annual reports etc.   I will first drop the prompt you generate into the longer thinking high-powered replit agent, once that agent is complete I will drop the next prompt ‘prompt 2’ into the replit advanced assistant. Then I will drop ‘prompt 3’ the test, qa, security scan, debug, and purge test mock data so that the app is ready to go live  prompt into the assistant. assistant prompts should be written in a way to optimize assistant function and likewise for the agent it should be optimized for the agents functions and detailed as such. You will ask me all of the questions needed so that the prompt is 100% if you feel that we should deliver prompts 1 2 and 3 in a seres f prompts for each for more effectiveness you can make that choice but it needs to be effective.  the comprehensive, exhaustive, detailed prompt i need you to create will need to be more tecnical in nature because it is not for the replit agent it is for the assistant so draft this prompt so that the assistant on replit can execute it seemlessly. If you need to scour the internet for best practices working with the replit assistent or claude ai since replilt uses claude. I want you to make sure the assistant is executing, adding ways to test its work, testing its work, fixing bugs, avoid using mock data unless its for testing. my notes will go page by page on the application. if you have any questions or need clarification please ask before assuming i want to make sure this prompt is effective at requesting delivery of multiple complex tasks. make sure that you also give me instructions on how to deliver these prompts to the assistant to get the best results. i will format my notes as
Page - Section on page - image name that gives a visual of the exact page and section with a red box around it. in "()) Notes, fixes, suggestions or changes
and example would be. "Case Notes page - case notes creation form generate button - (as seen in Screenshot 2025-08-01 at 4.53.58 AM) generate button should analyze process text inputted into the content box by the user in the describe interaction or key points: box. also change the name to the describe interaction or key points box to Life House AI Suggestions. once the new case notes are generated an 'Apply' button shoulld appear on the same row as the generate and cancel buttons. it should be the same color green as our brand colors. when the apply button is clicked the user input in the content box should be modified to match the ai generated suggestion. if the user presses generate again it will offer a new suggestion. if the user presses cancel the ai will just leave the content in the content box as is. " if you have questions about any of the front end or back end schema, how things should connect and operate at full functionality please ask me and i will be more specific. I will attach the same screenshots to the prompt in replit. I want the site to be intuitive, user friendly and complete so if there are any blind spots fix them, if their are best practices in app dev that I am ignoring do not ignore them implement them so the app is pristine. The mages and notes are in no particular order have them done in an order that makes the most sense for the assistants workflow. You are a stickler for the details and you want to get things right even more than me so you check your work 5-10 times for accuracy before delivering a response. If any of my notes don’t match the format use logic or ask. In this prompt I want you to focus on functionality of each element on the page  ask me what the functionality should be so that we are thorough. if you have observed that I have not given functionality instructions for any element on a page that can be interacted with including buttons, fields, data storage from inputs, mapping, reporting with data stored and mapped, approvals, where forms go, associated notifications, elements that need to be added on other pages in order to complete flows or loops so that nothing is wasted, lost, or done pointlessly. If you do not think my request is the best way to do sometning suggest a better alternative but make sure it works and it’s actually better. Compare and contrast them thoroughly before overriding my ideas confirm with me please. But I want this thing to be the best it can be. If a field is on any form it should be able to be reported. If something is important to the operation of this organization we should be able to track it and report it. 

Case Notes page - Case note creation form (as seen in Screenshot 2025-08-01 at 4.53.58 AM)
- Type Field - should also be mapped with a Life House  program (case managers can select from one of our 6 Programs, a group session or a 1-1 with the case manager in attendance attendance because we want the case notes to attaced to both attendance and the resident. 

Case Notes page - case notes creation form generate button - generate button should analyze process text inputted into the content box by the user in the describe interaction or key points: box. also change the name to the describe interaction or key points box to Life House AI Suggestions. once the new case notes are generated an 'Apply' button should appear on the same row as the generate and cancel buttons. it should be the same color green as our brand colors. when the apply button is clicked the user input in the content box should be modified to match the ai generated suggestion. if the user presses generate again it will offer a new suggestion. if the user presses cancel the ai will just leave the content in the content box as is. But ai should be monitoring the content section to make sure it is compliant and legal it should have a check and if the note does not pSS THE COMPLIANT AND LEGAL CHECKLIST the case manager or admin needs to fix the note before ‘create case note’  as seen in Screenshot 2025-08-01 at 5.34.21 AM at the bottom right in the red box button is clickable. Confidential notes can be created even if they do not pass the AI filter the suggestions offered are sentence by sentence the user can click next next to the generate and cancel button in between cancel and apply to scan the next sentence and offer suggestions (if this will be too complicated or we haven’t set out open ai agent up to do this don’t worry about it, find a more reasonable way to offer the suggestions that works in a good intuitive flow for the case workers and admins. Once the apply button is pressed the content field should be updated with the approved case notes.  the user still needs an input box for them to communicate with the open ai assistant incase they want to make tweets to their notes. Determine the best solution for that and direct replit.    Case Notes page - Case notes page (as seen in download.png) -
Is accessible by residents. The resident can only see non confidential notes assigned to their name by their case worker or admin  case workers can only see their resident notes added by them or their admin  admin can see all case notes  reports fore case notes can be generated by selecting any of the available fields on the page as a multiselect pick list. Those fields are mapped correctly throught the entire process and therefore we can generate reports. 

 Case Notes page - Case note creation form (as seen in Screenshot 2025-08-01 at 4.53.58 AM below the red box and Screenshot 2025-08-01 at 5.34.21 AM in the red box) - Priority drop down select field .  All case notes labeled priority High or Urgent should also be sent to the admin over that case manager
  Case Notes page - Case note creation form (as seen in Screenshot 2025-08-01 at 5.34.21 AM in the red box) - Confidential selection toggle - default is off so that residents can review case notes. When toggle is turned ‘on’ or ‘confidential mode’ the form goes to night mode. Not a completely black background but like a dark deep grey almost black. Adjust the brand colors so they still look pleasing in night mode or confidential mode. (If replit needs to update night mode brand colors prompt it to for consistency) . Admins can still see Confidential notes but residents can’t even if it is a case note on their profile.  It should not even appear in their case notes on the resident portal. The case notes that are not marked confidential can be viewed by the resident field as seen in Screenshot 2025-08-01 at 4.53.58 Aabove the red box at the top of the form. Confidential notes are not included in case worker account level generated reports only admin level access. Has that option   Case Notes page - Case note creation form (as seen in Screenshot 2025-08-01 at 5.34.21 AM in the red box) - tags and actions items are viewable by residents, case workers and admin and are available to be selected in reports. Tags help sort and label case notes and they are searchable terms. Action items and follow up date are added to the residents dashboard and on the residents profile on the resident profile page. And update accordingly.   Case Notes page - Edit case note button is only available for case worker and admin profiles. (as seen in Screenshot 2025-08-01 at 6.17.36 AM) - edit case note form. If an admin or case worker clicks on the red ‘x’ next to an action item the action item should delete. When update case note button is pressed the case not should be updated universally. The original case note is archived and is still viewable by admins. Although a case note can be deleted by a case manager from the case managers view it will only go to the archive for the admin and is still viewable until the admin deletes it. This is to prevent any accidental or unethical deletions. Make sure there is a place in the admin portal to view all case notes ever created by any of their case managers. Archived case notes can be restored, viewed, or deleted. They cannot be edited in archives. They are also able to be added to reports if you toggle add archives when you select to print a report for case notes.  
Attendance page - page access (as seen in red box  in Screenshot 2025-08-01 at 6.33.21 AM)
Is accessible by residents view only, case workers and admins have view and edit,  add an ‘Add Session’ button next to log attendance. Case workers can add sessions and invite residents. They can select an icon like a heart or briefcase etc. related to the different types. Enter date. Time. Location for geo location check in when resident logs attendance, enrollment date (date the resident accepted invite. Invite date (date invitation was sent) workshop details, workshop tag and type, relevant stages in the program, facilitator, status (live, upcoming, complete (completed sessions are moved to the completed sessions tab (create completed sessions tab)    Attendance page - log attendance button and geofence check-in - (as seen in Screenshot 2025-08-01 at 6.48.23 AM in red box)  create a test event for 4630 lemon hill ave to test this feature. This is my current location. It needs to be live and ready for deployment. So do everything you need to do to take it live for free.  Right now it just keeps saying getting location .   residents can checkin once location is confirmed.  case workers and admins can manually check in or out, and make late or absent, residents and add a note. All checkins are time stamped and only admins can adjust the timestamp. Ad a facilitator and notes field to the form. This form is what is mapped to the attendance record along with the event information about the upcoming session. This is also the mapping for reports for attendance comes from attendance records, upcoming sessions, and logged attendance and all of the fields associated to those things.   maintenance page - create maintenance ticket - (as  seen in Screenshot 2025-08-01 at 7.36.57 AM in the red box) residents case workers and admins can access this page and this form  residents can only select the property associated to their profile. Case managers can only select properties associated with their residents. Admins can select all properties. Rooms ar number 1,2,3,4,5,6 2 to a room so 1 is bed 1 in room 1 and 2 is bed 2 in room 1 and 2 is bed 1 in room 2 and 4 is bed 2 in room 2 etc.   category can be added by the admin. When a category is added it is updated globally and will be added to reports. Case managers and residents may select from available categories.  high and urgent priorities notify admins. The create ticket button creates a ticket number. People can review ticket status make updates to their requests. Case workers and admins can resolve requests, put on hold, edit, add notes, and update. Admins can delete them single or bulk. Maintenance reports can us all fields in reports. So they need to be mapped correctly.   New tickets add to the total tickets count. The total tickets shown for resident only counts tickets submitted by that resident profile, case managers see all tickets related to their assigned residents. Admins see all tickets and are notified with a notification icon that when they click shows all of the high and urgent tickets. Any tickets related to water or exposed electrical are automatically urgent. The new count is based on how many un open or “new status” tickets are count by resident (resident only) , case worker(all assigned residents and self made tickets [case worker created), or admin (all tickets) counts when a ticket is created it is in new status until a case worker or admin updates the status. When the status is updated it is updated globally and will update in reports immediately. In progress is another status count by resident count, case worker count, and admin count breakdown on the different portals. . As is resolved and urgent,   resident portal - dashboard - (as seen in Screenshot 2025-08-01 at 8.33.56 AM) this is the resident dashboard. Savings progress is entered manually by the residents case manager or the admin after speaking with the financial advisor in each months check-in (the check in is offline in person or on the phonier on zoom and then manually entered) in the top corner there should be a notification icon and a messages icon. Caseworkers, residents, and admin can send messages to each other within the app. This needs to be live do not put in a bunch of mock data except for testing and then delete after. This is a mid level chat feature and does not need complicated or advanced features it needs to work and be useful, it should fit the website brand be intuitive and easy to use. The backend needs to be air tight. Messages can only be viewed by the people in the message. Residents can only message residents that live in their address, their case worker and admin, case workers can message all of their assigned residents, case workers and admins, admins can message anyone all residents all c are managers all admins.   the program stage is updated by the admin or the residents assigned case worker. If a resident clicks on the program stage card they can see everything they’ve completed in the program so far. Categorized by stage and color coded by stage color. They can click on a particular record and see the facilitator or case managers notes and they can also print their progress report which will download a pdf to their device. The report should look like the branded page frame that they view their progress report on. A print. Their progress report almost looks like a brochure for life house its beautiful and they can print it out and put it on their wall like a badge of honor. Please make sure it has the logo and phone number and address of Life House on it (not the residents address) it should have the residents name. It should say that it is a certified report from Life House Reentry and be digitally signed by the founding director Julius Deshon Jackson and dated. And put my email for questions julius@lifehousereentry.com or letters of recommendations for the resident. Also add the case managers name and email from their assigned case managers profile.  bed status can be viewed by resident and updated by admins and case worker.   remove the resource navigator and put the Notification Center in that place on the page instead. It should have a notifications tab and a message tab. This should be on the admin, caseworker and resident dashboard. Remover and replace the resource navigatorr on all three dashboards with the notification and message center.   make sure the maintenance request, notification and message center, recent progress and upcoming event sections are scrollable so that the page does get too long and overwhelming. Add a check-in button on the top right of the portal.  make sure you update the fan for each page in the AI assistant. The ai assistant should be able to answer everything about the app for admins. It should be able to answer everything about a resident for case managers, it should be able to answer everything about a residents profile for a resident. The help button on each page should have instructions that are based on the functions and capabilities of each page based on the authenticated role; resident, case worker, admin.   on the resident portal dashboards users can change their profile picture by uploading an image or taking a picture or selecting from a few app default designs. That is the only profile customization.   the sign out button should log them out  and send them to the public resources page

Staff Dashboard/Staff portal dashboard - (as seen in image_1754117532322.png)

Resident profiles do not have access to the staff dashboard. Make sure their logins do not work here. Admins have access and case workers have access.   admins see total residents in the system. case workers see the total residents assigned to them.   pending intakes for admin is all pending intakes case worker sees pending intakes that have been assigned to their case load (assigned resident count),

Overdue notes box can be clicked and when clicked it shows which notes are over due weekly. 2 session per week - Each resident has a 1-1 and life design session weekly 4 sessions 1 per week - 1 credit, financial literacy, job training and business coaching session per month   3 notes total per week. Require that each resident has a case note created for them 3 times per week a required 1-1, a required life design session, a required personal/professional development session.   residents do not even see the option to access the staff or admin portal from within the resident portal. Staff do not even see the option to see the resident portal unless it is an admin.  
Change the title of average savings to maintenance tickets. This will count how many maintenance tickets a case workers assigned residents have collectively. For an admin they see all maintenance tickets   add the message and Notification Center icons at the top. Add the Notification Center with the notifications and messages tabs where the my residents section is and move the my residents section beneath that. Also move down the recent activity box and in its place put ‘Upcoming’ which should include notes that are do, intakes, resident sessions and touchpoint.   staff dashboard - quick actions - (as seen in image_1754117532322.png) schedule touchpoint form is the same exact form for ‘Add Session’ button  I had you add next to log attendance on the attendance page. [Case workers can add sessions and invite residents. They can select an icon like a heart or briefcase etc. related to the different types. Enter date. Time. Location for geo location check in when resident logs attendance, enrollment date (date the resident accepted invite. Invite date (date invitation was sent) workshop details, workshop tag and type, relevant stages in the program, facilitator, status (live, upcoming, complete ] 2 session per week - Each resident has a 1-1 and life design session weekly 4 sessions 1 per week - 1 credit, financial literacy, job training and business coaching session per month  plus any additional touchpoints they want to add.   add case note is the same as the case notes form/   change update goals to onboard resident. This button activates a pop up frame window with all of the intake forms.   staff dashboard - quick actions - update goals [changed to onboard resident] - onboarding process and forms. 
[
Form / Doc	Purpose	Must include
House Rules & Resident Handbook acknowledgment	Confirms the resident read the curfew, visitor, sobriety, rent-share, chores and other rules	Signature & date
Lease / Occupancy Agreement (90-day, auto-renew)	Creates the legal resident file, links them to a specific Elite Holdings property—case-worker chooses the address in a dropdown; admin can change later	Term, rent formula (30 % income), property name, resident & staff e-sign
Participant Agreement & THPMA clause	Makes clear this is program housing, not permanent tenancy and embeds the mandatory 14-point Transitional Housing Participant Misconduct Act language	
Safety Checklist & Emergency Plan receipt	Resident walks the house with staff, checking smoke/CO alarms, exits, fire extinguishers, Narcan location, emergency numbers; sign that they understand it	
Progressive Discipline / Dismissal process acknowledgment	Outlines verbal→written→privilege loss→exit ladder and immediate-exit triggers	
Off-boarding & After-care roadmap	Explains graduation requirements, 30-day transition rental options, alumni supports	
Program Overview PDF (read-only)	One-pager on mission, 7-Stage model, core services & funding pathways	
Resource & Benefit Menu	Auto-generated list of Life House resources matched to the resident’s intake answers; resident “stars” the ones they want	
Waivers & Consents bundle	• HIPAA-lite ROI • Media release • Activity & transportation waiver • Hold-harmless/indemnify Life House & Elite Holdings for personal property loss and ordinary program risks	
Grievance & Rights notice	How to complain/appeal, anti-retaliation promise	
Brokerage account application	Helps advisor set up brokerage account	Fidelity and Charles Schwab brokerage account form information
All signatures can be captured once with a single multi-tab e-sign packet to keep the UX tight.

B. Revised 10-Screen Onboarding Flow
1. Quick Pre-Screen (eligibility & veteran/disability flags)
2. Full Intake Wizard (demographics, needs, literacy, etc.)
3. Document Upload (ID, DD-214, benefits letters, etc.)
4. Lease & Property Assignment – case-worker selects property; resident e-signs.
5. House Rules + Program Policies – scroll-through PDF → signature.
6. Safety Walk-Through & Checklist – interactive checklist with photos; sign-off.
7. Resource & Service Menu – personalized list; resident picks interests, enrolls in classes.
8. Warnings, Dismissal & Grievance – brief video + acknowledgment ✔.
9. Off-Boarding Path – explains graduation, savings return, alumni housing help.
10. Welcome Dashboard – orientation video, staff contacts, first meeting scheduled.
Each screen auto-saves, shows % complete, and is available in Spanish.

C. Extra Orientation Topics Residents Should Know
Topic	Why it matters	Source
Non-discrimination & ADA rights	Required by funders and law, reassures residents	
Property maintenance & ticketing system	Prevents habitability issues and protects landlord	
Personal-property liability & renter-insurance advice	Limits Life House/Elite exposure	
Data privacy (HIPAA-grade but non-clinical)	Builds trust, aligns with Privacy Notice	
City & fire-safety inspections	Explains occasional visits and resident cooperation	

Implementation Tips for the Case-Management System
* Property field: use a lookup table of active Elite Holdings addresses; when you change the assignment, the historical lease stays archived in the doc vault.
* Form triggers: if “Veteran = Yes”, surface VA resource cards; if “Disability = Yes”, push the accommodation request form.
* Version control: tag each handbook or waiver with a doc-ID & revision date so old signatures remain valid after policy updates.
* Audit readiness: keep the e-sign packet and safety checklist in a “Signed Docs” folder for each resident; funders often sample these files first.
* Repopulated fields: once a case worker fills out information they only have to fill that information out once and it will update all other related form fields. Example case worker fills out the name one time and it is automatically added to all subsequent forms so that the case worker doesn’t have to type it in again. 
With these additions your onboarding is complete, legally tight, and funder-ready.
] when onboarding is complete it should create a master file with all documents and forms and it should be added to the residents profile for case workers and admins to view. Both the notifications  and upcoming sections monitor onboarding and where the case worker is in the process. And reminds the case worker where to pick up. Case workers have 1 week to finish on boarding once the process begins or it becomes an overdue note and the admin is notified.   onboarding shall be streamlined but personal. Everything is saved automatically when the next button is pressed to prevent losing data. Make sure the system as a de-duplcation process or safeguards so the data is always clean. This process should be intuitive for the case worker and not be overwhelming for the resident. Also add an additional onboard button next to monthly report at the top of the page.   Staff Dashboard/Staff portal dashboard - staff portal left side of screen navigation menu. 
Dashboard - links to staff portal dashboard. 
Intake & referrals
My residents
Case notes
Attendance
Resources
Maintenance
Reports 
Intake & referrals - intake page - (as seen in Screenshot 2025-08-02 at 7.38.18 AM) new section - counts how many new resident applications have been submitted through the application and referral forms and when clicked shows a list of all of the current application forms. When you click on a form it shows the submitted form.   case workers can click review applicant when on the application. The case worker will contact [offline] the prospective residents referrer or the resident directly and then begin the applicant review process.   we do not house sex offenders so we need a Referral list of agencies that do house sex offender registrants, so your staff can make a warm hand-off instead of a cold “no.” if during the intake process a prospective resident discloses that they are registered or are discovered in the review registry check.   
Field	UI details	Business rule
“Is any applicant currently required to register for life as a sex offender (e.g., California PC 290)? ( Yes / No )”	• Small blue “?” tooltip next to the question opens:
> Why we ask: HUD regulations (24 CFR §982.553(a)(2) / PIH Notice 2012-28) prohibit federally-assisted programs from admitting lifetime registrants. This is not housing discrimination because sex-offender status is not a protected class under the Fair Housing Act. HUD	• If No → form continues.
• If Yes → system immediately sets Referral.status = Declined_Auto (Lifetime 290) and shows the Warm Hand-Off panel (see §3).
• A red banner appears on the Intake dashboard so staff know the auto-decision happened.

2 ▪ Flow changes (checkpoints)
Checkpoint	What’s new
0 Auto-Triage	Adds real-time DOJ/California Megan’s-Law API hit to pre-populate the lifetime-flag where possible.
2 Eligibility & Risk Gate	The new question sits at the top; an answer of “Yes” triggers the auto-decline without further clicks. Case-workers can still view the file but cannot override (locked by role).
6 Offer & Deadline	Skipped entirely when the auto-decline fires.

3 ▪ Warm Hand-Off panel (auto-renders after an auto-decline)
“We can’t admit lifetime registrants, but these Sacramento-area programs do accept PC 290 clients. Your Intake Coordinator can send your application today:”
Program (click-to-call)	Notes
Diplomats Center 916-420-4001	18-36 mo. re-entry; sliding-scale; 290-friendly UnCommon Law
Freedom Through Education 916-393-8387	180-day program; wheelchair accessible; free; 290-friendly UnCommon Law
Sobriety Brings a Change 916-416-6746	Men only; no stay limit; $300 dep./$700 mo.; 290-friendly UnCommon Law
Union Gospel Mission 916-447-3268	90-day faith-based shelter; 290-friendly UnCommon Law
The list is stored in a lookup table so you can add or retire agencies without code changes.

4 ▪ Staff experience
1. Intake Coordinator opens the referral: a red “Lifetime 290 – Auto-Declined” tag is pinned at the top.
2. They click “Send Warm Hand-Off” → a templated e-mail/SMS with the table above plus any uploaded ID docs (if the client agrees).
3. Referral moves to Declined → Referred (kept for audit).

5 ▪ Audit-ready artifacts saved automatically
File	Where saved
Tooltip text + legal citation PDF	/Policies/Eligibility/SexOffenderHUD.pdf
DOJ registry check result	ResidentProfile.backgroundChecks
Auto-decline reason log	Referral.statusNote
Warm-hand-off e-mail PDF	Documents/WarmHandOffs/
  caseworkers can submit and accept acceptable applicants. Or they can waitlist them and decline them  total referrals counts all time referrals 
Only admins can assign beds. Can managers can view bed assignments. 
Onboarding checklist tracks where they are in the onboarding flow with each resident that have began the process with.   we will work on the admin portal next prompt